Added info on usage of Composer... (#6919)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 15/umbraco-ui-builder/guides/creating-your-first-integration.md

description: Creating your first integration with Umbraco UI Builder.
---

# Creating Your First Umbraco UI Builder Integration

This guide walks you through a basic implementation of Umbraco UI Builder to manage a custom database table.

## Setting Up the Database

> Umbraco UI Builder uses PetaPoco as its default persistence layer. You can use a custom [Repository](../advanced/repositories.md), but this guide assumes the default approach.

Reviewer: 1. update this thext  "You can use a custom [Repository](../advanced/repositories.md), but this guide assumes the default approach." like this "Instead of using a database you also have the possibility to configure this via a custom [Repository](../advanced/repositories.md) class instead.
2. Move it in a hint note under "# Creating Your First Umbraco UI Builder Integration" after the "This guide walks you..."

because you can either use the database or the repository

Author: I have slightly reworded it to fit the flow of text in the article.

> In this section, let's create a `Person` table to store data.

Reviewer 2: I haven't checked the rest of the article, but I see mostly "you"s, so we should get rid of this "let us" 🙈 

```suggestion
In this section, you will create a `Person` table to store data.
```

With the database and model set up, it is time to configure Umbraco UI Builder to work with the `Person` model. This will allow you to manage `Person` entities from the Umbraco backoffice.

> You can choose to configure Umbraco UI Builder either through a Composer or by using the `AddUIBuilder` extension method in `Program.cs`. The following steps cover the `Program.cs` approach. For more details, including configuring via a Composer, see the the [Configuration](../getting-started/configuration.md) article.

Reviewer: perhaps a hint note might make a bit more obvious? 😊
